README.md, before:

# Todo list web app

> A simple web app that helps the user to organize his tasks, rearrange them, check a task if completed and delete them.

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Webpack
- Linters

## Project Link on Github

https://github.com/z4cope/Todolist-webapp

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- You must have a code compiler installed on your machine such as (VS code or Atom).

### Setup

- Open you code editor.
- Press cmd + shift + P and type gitclone and choose the first option.
- Paste the repo link inside the field and press enter.

## Author

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/z4cope)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/mokhaledev)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-khaled-10138a1b7/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/z4cope/Todolist-webapp/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse designs.

## 📝 License

You can freely use this project for ethical use and educational purposes.

Commit message:

Edit Readme with how to run the project

README.md, after:

# Todo list web app

> A simple web app that helps the user to organize his tasks, rearrange them, check a task if completed and delete them.

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Webpack
- Linters

## Project Link on Github

https://github.com/z4cope/Todolist-webapp

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- You must have a code compiler installed on your machine such as (VS code or Atom).

### Setup

- Open you code editor.
- Press cmd + shift + P and type gitclone and choose the first option.
- Paste the repo link inside the field and press enter.
- Run the command npm start to run the project on your localhost.

## Author

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/z4cope)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/mokhaledev)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohamed-khaled-10138a1b7/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/z4cope/Todolist-webapp/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse designs.

## 📝 License

You can freely use this project for ethical use and educational purposes.
